there are parties where you plan to meet
with some things that later turn out to be
others where you see that football can be
live in very different ways the
sunday in jaén two classics of our
football were reunited in the category
of silver and is that this is football a
of contrasts because they believe that it can
have more love to colors that
cross Spain from north to south to
spend a nice summer afternoon in jaén
they did 737 km from eibar to jaén
of hours and a half of car to demonstrate
this passion
let's go for it
and let's go
and they tell me about the heat
they did not care, waiver jumped
grass
this fear
having a premonition
yes yes for them he marked his team
you lived it like that
and the other ended up put is in the
hand
our other story of jaén is also
football in its purest form
last season to the players
jienenses wrote in their dressing room
two words that would define his love for
soccer
words that I would certainly have signed
David Cruz partner and former soccer player of the
quarry of the royal deceased
tragically last year his
inseparable brother sergio told us
like 'David wherever he always
will have a special place in a match
from the royal jaén
at the beginning of last season
still before playing next to star
If it were not for himself, it was from Jaime
and as these partners we are partners leave
want songs
have to be with me always where
go is always with me is the
T shirt
we knew that we had been years
without going up and I think we have gone up
life will be present in the matches
from jaén his shirt has a place
reserved in victory and his spirits and
your strength will always come out of your throat
from his brother sergio